the correct posture about the bicycle
is the first step to master the
descents respects the incorrect position
in relation to the suspension that
anyone
for him
it goes straight
says you're in the head
in the mountain descents the body must
position according to the center
gravity that is located on the connecting rod and
the pedals
what is done
I told you
valdemoro
and our love to any
circumstances that arise
when the cyclist moves his body
very back the position is also
incorrect because they expose their integrity
to hit against the rear tire or
leave catapulted forward
very good
in the position that assumes the entire race
more speed people which one is
in the big drops where those
forums with their bellies the weight
if the base charge of the body and the
problem is that all the weight that over
the back part
in this process
for him
and that indignation appears a pothole
and the bicycle is lowered the rear tire
will tend to stand on the pedals
helps absorb bumps in the ground
and always look forward keeps
the cyclist warning about the road
now let's assume
with an inclination
in this position the load that there is of the
knobs on the triceps and on the
delivery is controllable thus can
assume any error condition
Y